hey people and welcome to
second top 10 pokémon of the type so and so
video reuters type dragon off because the
voted majority for it has been
you will find another vote in the
description which type of the next
to determine videos
So do not forget to vote yes
neither are legendary
pokémon still mega pokemon and is one
completely free chosen list as that is
my top 10 and therefore can not
be right and not wrong because
everyone has a different opinion, good enough
equipment
Let's go to 10 is my sweet
Cairn has become through on the
next generation
I did not have the biggest selection when
Type revenge because it just is not that much
In the throat, there are pokémon and that's why
I do not like just too much to
know one
but I have to say that it is in the
competitive in any case as
excellent special well use
leaves and his ability viscous
I really like it when it's special
gets attacked it hardly gets hurt
and when it will physically buy
against it first by the ability
slower to 9th place is a
see strong like legendary pokémon
Which of the probably biggest
Camp have been chosen as a favorite
both in the game so kompanie me is
enormously strong in competitive too
very versatile do that defensively
play physically or offensively as well
especially maybe with mega
development or sometimes surprising
moscow what nobody gets only to
can be fatal is exactly what
many dolls on the list to put the
four weak ice where we already
Let's take a look at the sweet little one
Deadly model of Pokemon Global
many will probably get higher here
However, I find then classify
look something so cute and just not
as powerful as a traditional costume
However, you have to say that it is in the
Anime often enough shown very strong
i will not that sweet pokémon i like
I 'm just going to be personal for myself
are there any other kites that make me feel better
like being three years as a
semi legendary pokémon right in the
audio is around with his ability
dragon dance weaken multi shop with the
protection combination very quickly
whole team can disassemble
Number seven is very active
important water dragon i find easy
the idea of a deadly lake
produce as funny as well as at the same time
well done
because it works just still
threatening and a water dragon
I think combination comes with me anyway
very much too rare in
comparative it is one
100% clip machine or one
good dragon dance number six up
my list is again a fourfold
Weak Altar a really nice one
pokémon i think that was design
fantastically implemented
you just make a kite
in front of the clouds confirmed personally
I think the epic took over
third generation what yes mine
favorite generation is with the mega
form in combination of the type you
unique space-five lands in
me monaco out the big strong terex
thing one of the best 16
generation of my eyes upon me
personally find that pokémon easy
very versatile of the coverage he is using
the thunder ice and fire 10 on it
can fall back as with many
Burgmann on this list has it too
the option of haka dance and can
quickly after a setup that
opposing team continue to destroy
it goes with place 4 and in the third you
set the pokémon isa list hit me
know attempts that can say of themselves
He does not like this pokémon
the look as well as the play style
really well done is a great one
negative point about him is of course
much promise veh with the sixth
generation has to live for me though
Does not that make it one less
strong and cool pokémon now would
already exciting and many kites pokémon
are no longer left we come to that
place number three brutal one again
semi legendary pokémon with one
four times weak ice for me it is
the dragon pokémon which also most likely
my picture of a dragon is approaching
two big wings one tail and one
big bitten dangerous white in the game
but always since the mega
development, it was just deadly and
was used in Cuba where it was with the
greatest of legends can keep up
versatile like no other dragon
physically or specifically whether defensive or
offensive it does not matter it will be with you
the role you love him too
doing work
square number 2 in vain to the only
true kite for me
third generation love
successor vander it was also one
difficult decision, however, must
it is fair to say that the
space competitive with no
a brother countries can keep up
However, I just love that
look and has animated mine
reminiscences of this pokémon shaped
together with the movie with bruce lee
berger together with brother land the
has saved people is left for me
simply a great kite of all time
again with a four times weak ice
and teach until now without the honor of all
but now development remains
really almost no candidates for the
dragon pokémon more left but my
I place the first place on the strongest
Dragon Pokemon of the fifth generation
max sachs this decision could be yours
as it is not surprising in the reason
Strong bird is that I would always
yet extremely strong but not just
place one, why I like it now
The question was placed in first place as me
I played black and white
in the brick street with a very
weak team and have the there
Advanced development of max I found
I did not like the look
I caught and trained him
Then I developed from the
look totally surprised and have that
loved with biotin on his
own walls and the camp I have
all six bourbons max 6 defeated
Does not sound too exciting, though
Imagine I have this fight
five times the routine so almost the
apt word used in war and here
not a single misses in
Combination with this player experience
and the anime i'm just that
personal opinion max sachs is that
invincible and dangerous kites
pokémon of old
that's it but now and I want
also again offered to tell him that
I found it quite surprising that
dragon was chosen so strong
Of course a great guy was just it
the type with the least choice
there are only 13 kites made the
not legendary or mega pokémon are
There were smaller fakt spot it okay if
I would like you very much
my positive reviews then look forward
see what the next video and